[AGENT-4050] Add samples for proxy models (#741)
datarobot/datarobot-user-models: model_templates/proxy_model_azureml/README.md

# AzureML Proxy Model Example

This model is intended to work with any Python-based drop-in environment. Any additional
dependencies needed to connect to the remote model are listed in the `requirements.txt`
file.

> This sample proxy model shows how you can use custom model infrastructure as a proxy between the DataRobot MLOps platform and a remote model hosted in AzureML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample proxy model illustrates how you can use custom model infrastructure as a proxy between the DataRobot MLOps platform and a remote model hosted in AzureML.
```

## Instructions

First, you create a new _online endpoint_ in AzureML from a trained model. You should
compare the Python code snippet in the AzureML UI with the code in the `custom.py` file to
confirm no adjustments are necessary (this example was tested with an AutoML
model trained on a simple regression dataset: [juniors_3_year_stats_regression.csv](../../tests/testdata/juniors_3_year_stats_regression.csv)).

DataRobot recommends configuring the endpoint with _Key-based authentication_ because it doesn't expire.
Create a new, **Basic** credential in the DataRobot platform, enter any value for the **Username**, and enter one of the endpoint's authentication keys in the **Password** field.

Next, create a new _Custom Inference Model_ in the DataRobot platform. Select the **Proxy** model type and
enter a **Target type** and **Target name** matching the model trained in AzureML.

Finally, on the **Assemble** tab, upload the files in this example and select public network access in the

> **Resource Settings**. After the example files are uploaded, you can configure the Runtime Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Resource Settings**. After the example files are uploaded, you can configure the **Runtime Parameters**
```

# AzureML Proxy Model Example

> This model is intended to work with any Python based drop-in environment. Any additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This model is intended to work with any Python-based drop-in environment. Any additional
```

dependencies needed to connect to the remote model are listed in the `requirements.txt`
file.

> This sample proxy model shows how the custom model infrastructure can be used to connect (e.g. proxy) data back and forth between the DataRobot MLOps platform and a remote model hosted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample proxy model shows how you can use custom model infrastructure as a proxy between the DataRobot MLOps platform and a remote model hosted in AzureML.
```

> in AzureML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Instructions

> First, you will need to create a new **online endpoint** in AzureML from a trained model. You should
> compare the Python code snippet in the AzureML UI with the code in the `custom.py` file to
> confirm no adjustments are necessary (this example was specifically tested against an AutoML
> model trained on a simple regression dataset: [juniors_3_year_stats_regression.csv](../../tests/testdata/juniors_3_year_stats_regression.csv)).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you create a new _online endpoint_ in AzureML from a trained model. You should
compare the Python code snippet in the AzureML UI with the code in the `custom.py` file to
confirm no adjustments are necessary (this example was tested with an AutoML
model trained on a simple regression dataset: [juniors_3_year_stats_regression.csv](../../tests/testdata/juniors_3_year_stats_regression.csv)).

```

> We recommend configuring the endpoint with _Key-based authentication_ because it doesn't expire.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataRobot recommends configuring the endpoint with _Key-based authentication_ because it doesn't expire.
```

> Please create a new credential in the DataRobot platform of type `Basic` and enter any value for the `Username` and input one of the authentication keys of the endpoint into the `Password` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new, **Basic** credential in the DataRobot platform, enter any value for the **Username**, and enter one of the endpoint's authentication keys in the **Password** field.
```

> Next, create a new _Custom Inference Model_ in the DataRobot platform of type `Proxy` and select
> the `Target type` and `Target name` to match the model trained in AzureML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, create a new _Custom Inference Model_ in the DataRobot platform. Select the **Proxy** model type and
enter a **Target type** and **Target name** matching the model trained in AzureML.
```

> Finally, upload the files in this example in the Assemble tab and select public network access in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, on the **Assemble** tab, upload the files in this example and select public network access in the
```

> resource settings. In addition, there will be several runtime parameters that will need to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Resource Settings**. After the example files are uploaded, you can configure the Runtime Parameters
```

> filled in with the appropriate information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the appropriate information.
```

> ## To run locally using 'drum'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Run locally with `drum`
```

> You'll need to create a _values file_ that sets overrides for the parameters defined in this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a _values file_ to set overrides for the parameters defined in this
```

example. An example could look as follows:

```yaml
# This is the name of your endpoint
endpoint: demo-endpoint

# Override the default value if your endpoint does not reside in the `eastus` region
#region: eastus

# This is the API key you can get from the `Consume` tab in the Endpoint's UI. We
# will structure the data the same as the DataRobot Platform will when you associate
# the runtime parameter with a credential stored in the Credential Manager.
API_KEY:
  credentialType: basic
  username: robot
  password: 4TZ0EdUVP8uoUXbx04Ve7yn44TiMl485
```

Paths are relative to `./datarobot-user-models`:

```sh
drum score --logging-level info --code-dir model_templates/proxy_model_azure --target-type <target_type> --input <path_to_inference_dataset> --runtime-params-file <path_to_values_file>
```

> _**Note:** additional CLI flags may be needed depending on your model's target type_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Additional CLI flags may be required depending on your model's target type.
```
